#summary How to install mocca on your PC.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

=Choosing the right package=

In the download-section, there are three different mocca packages:

 # mocca23: This is designed for Ubuntu 8.04 with EMC, version <= 2.3.5
 # mocca24: Also for Ubuntu 8.04 Hardy Heron, but with newer EMC (>=2.4.0)
 # lucid-mocca: This is for Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx.

If you installed EMC via the recent LiveCD (oct. 2010), then you will choose lucid-mocca.
If your installation is older, then you go with mocca23 or -24.

Unfortunately Mocca is not available for EMC with Ubuntu 6.06.
You will have to update Ubuntu first, before using mocca.

=Installation=

The installation itself is very easy.
Just download the correct package, and open it by doubleclicking on its icon.
Then click on install, and wait a few seconds.
You could also install it via terminal.

=Configuration=

Now you need to tell EMC, that you don't like axis any more ;)

----
*Update*
Instead of using the way described below, you can now use the mocca-setup wizard.
To do so, download and install the mocca-setup package, and afterwards type mocca-setup in a terminal.
----

To do so, find the INI-file of your EMC-Configuration.
Normally it should be found here:
/home/*your_username*/emc2/configs/*your_config*/*your_config*.ini

Now look out for a line, beginning with "DISPLAY = "
Replace the name of your former display-program with "mocca"

It should look like this, now:
{{{
DISPLAY = mocca
}}}

----

During installation, different designs have been copied to this directory:
/usr/share/*package_name*/skins

if you installed lucid-mocca for example, the the path would look like this:
/usr/share/lucid-mocca/skins

Now, choose a design, with a suiting resolution and language.
Keep the path to this design in mind.

----

Back to your INI-file:
Scroll to the bottom, and add a new section:
[MOCCA]

In this new section, add the variable:
CONFIG = 

This variable has to contain the path to your design.
The section should then look like this:
{{{
[MOCCA]
CONFIG = /usr/share/lucid-mocca/skins/default_en
}}}

Then save your INI-file. Now you're done.
Start EMC with your profile and enjoy the new GUI.

=possible problems=
==missing dependicies==
Maybe, there are some packages missing for the installation of mocca.
Please ensure these packages are installed, and then try to install mocca again:

===mocca23 und mocca24===
 * libglib1.2dbg
 * libgdkpixbuf2
 * libgtkglext1

===lucid-mocca===
 * libgtkglext1